feat(notation): add support for notation in HelmChart and OCIRepository configuration (#1075)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta2/helmcharts.md

Note that keyless verification is an **experimental feature**, using
custom root CAs or self-hosted Rekor instances are not currently supported.

#### Notation

The `notation` provider can be used to verify the signature of an OCI artifact using known
trust policy and CA certificate.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2
kind: HelmChart
metadata:
  name: podinfo
spec:
  verify:
    provider: notation
    secretRef:

>       name: notation-public-keys

Reviewer: updated to notation-config in 8a09a75

```

When the verification succeeds, the controller adds a Condition with the
following attributes to the HelmChart's `.status.conditions`:

- `type: SourceVerified`
- `status: "True"`
- `reason: Succeeded`

To verify the authenticity of an OCI artifact, create a Kubernetes secret

> with the Notation CA certificate and trust policy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
containing Certificate Authority (CA) root certificates and the a `trust policy`.
```

Author: Resolved in [3f013a5](https://github.com/fluxcd/source-controller/pull/1075/commits/3f013a5e4299e20d6dabb1ad042abf7d596ad909).

```yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: notation-config
type: Opaque
data:
  certificate1.pem: <BASE64>
  certificate2.crt: <BASE64>
  trustpolicy.json: <BASE64>
```

> Note that the CA certificate must have either `.pem` or `.crt` extension and your trust policy must

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the CA certificates must have either `.pem` or `.crt` extension and your trust policy must
```

Author: Resolved in [3f013a5](https://github.com/fluxcd/source-controller/pull/1075/commits/3f013a5e4299e20d6dabb1ad042abf7d596ad909).

be named `trustpolicy.json` for Flux to make use of them.

For more information on the signing and verification process see [Signing and Verification Workflow](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0/specs/signing-and-verification-workflow.md).

> Flux will loop over the public keys and use them to verify an artifact's signature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Flux will loop over the certificates and use them to verify an artifact's signature.
```

Author: [3f013a5](https://github.com/fluxcd/source-controller/pull/1075/commits/3f013a5e4299e20d6dabb1ad042abf7d596ad909)

> This allows for older artifacts to be valid as long as the right key is in the secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows for older artifacts to be valid as long as the right certificate is in the secret.
```

Author: Resolved in [3f013a5](https://github.com/fluxcd/source-controller/pull/1075/commits/3f013a5e4299e20d6dabb1ad042abf7d596ad909).
